[Music]
Hey
are you ready to think and grow older
well let me clarify let's check and see
if you'd survived these five
blood-chilling life situations so who
doesn't love a good brain teaser or
detective mystery to get the old wheels
turning well today we're cooking the
steaks now we're raising the stakes is
you'll need to find the solution to
these life-or-death situations if you
want to come out of them alive after
each riddle you'll have 20 seconds to
think your answer over don't rush it try
to employ both your logic and your
lateral thinking and if you need more
time there's no harm in pausing the
video now that we're all set let's go
[Music]
counting down from number 5 face to face
with a ferocious lion is whiskers tickle
now imagine you're on an African safari
ah so beautiful right and not quite
something's gone wrong and you found
yourself face to face with a ferocious
and hungry lion here are your options
run away as fast as you can offer the
king of the jungle something tasty like
the guy next to you lock eyes with it
and make yourself look bigger hopefully
you'll never have to make a choice like
this in real life but for now you've got
just 20 seconds to pick the correct
course of action
[Music]
now if you decided that you need to
intimidate the animal by trying to look
bigger and maintaining eye contact
you're absolutely right do you really
think you can outrun a lion especially
if you're paralyzed with fear as for a
tasty peace offering not your best idea
either
wild animals can't be bribed number four
a venomous snake bite so you've managed
to survive your rendezvous with a lion
congratulations
unfortunately you're now wandering
through the savanna completely lost and
hoping for a rescue you then hear a
hissing sound followed by a sharp pain
in your right leg you've been bitten by
a venomous snake what do you do suck the
poison out ASAP keep your leg in mobile
and put a tourniquet around it
wash the bite out with tons of water you
have 20 seconds to save your life and
every precious second counts
think fast what will it be
[Music]
time's up
well let's get one thing straight right
away sucking the venom out is a common
myth that you probably don't want to
risk even if you manage to suck it out
who's to say you don't have any open
cuts in your mouth that the venom can
find its way into Plus in your panic
state you might accidentally swallow the
venom washing the bite with water isn't
a bad idea if you're near clean running
water but you're in the wild that leaves
us with the only option you have at the
moment
keep your limb motionless to prevent the
poison from spreading and try to reach
out for help number three a charging
nose job you pull through your snakebite
situation but your adventurous soul
demands new impressions so you go on a
trip back out into the African plain
this time you're extra careful yet you
still encounter a rhinoplasty that's
right a big ginormous nose job and it's
about to charge right at you hold it
hold it sorry
checking the script here oh it's not a
nose job it's a rhinoceros well that
makes more sense okay back to the danger
you're all alone and there's nobody
around to help what on earth can you do
to protect yourself out in the African
grasslands against this rhinoceros make
a beeline in the opposite direction and
run away as fast as you can hide behind
a large object like a tree or boulder
distract the Rhino by throwing pieces of
clothing in the opposite direction see
what you can think of in the next 20
seconds your life depends on it
[Music]
well hell if a rhino has spotted you
running away would be futile believe it
or not these big beasts can charge at
speeds of up to 30 miles per hour are
you sure you're fit enough to outrun it
as for distracting the animal with a
flying object
it won't work either rhinos have
extremely poor eyesight so this one will
probably just ignore the clothes you
throw in fact their vision is so bad
that they can't even distinguish you
from a tree at just 20 feet even if you
are buck naked so first off don't come
any closer and if you can find a big
object and hide behind it that's the
only way to survive a charging rhino
[Music]
number two castle of death you've
cheated death once again and escape the
nose job
I mean Rhino you're now wandering around
looking for shelter to your heart's
delight
you come across a castle right there in
the African play yeah I know it doesn't
fit but stay with me now it's already
night by now and the castle looks really
scary but hey what other choice do you
have
you enter the castle in search of other
people but the door slams shut behind
you it's pitch black so you try the
light switch but to no avail
the power's out thanks to the dim
moonlight coming through the windows you
see three doors with a sign on each one
the first says death by drowning the
second one threatens you with death by
electric chair and the third informs you
that you'll meet death by machineguns
behind that door wow this Airbnb is not
gonna get my recommendation however you
notice a fourth sign on the floor you
have a glimmer of hope that maybe this
one will give some better news but no it
offers you to remain in the castle and
starve to death so much for that looks
like you can't escape death any longer
so how do you choose which way to go wow
this is even worse than death by nose
job or gobbled up by a hungry lion a
creepy castle straight out of a horror
flick
well you're 20 seconds start now
[Music]
sorry to say your time has come so what
have you chosen even though all your
options are death by some horrible means
you can totally walk out of this place
unharmed just choose the electric chair
because if you recall the power is out
see no danger here
[Music]
number one elevator conundrum you must
have a knack for finding trouble you've
made it safely back to the city but this
time you're stuck on the top floor of a
30-story building with no stairs to get
down your only option is to use one of
the four elevators you see in front of
you the inside of the first one is
covered in venomous spiders and just one
bite will kill within seconds in the
second elevator there's no elevator
cabin you can see only an empty shaft no
cables no ladders just slippery smooth
walls the third elevator is filled with
a toxic liquid while a ferocious tiger
awaits you in the fourth Oh seems like a
no-win situation here - but you've
survived your adventures thus far so you
just have to find a way out
unfortunately you've got only 20 seconds
to do it
[Music]
you need to choose elevator number three
as soon as the doors open all the liquid
will pour out all you've got to do is
step far enough away so that the deadly
stuff doesn't soak through your shoes oh
lucky you
here's a bonus a tough choice ready okay
you're stranded in a room your only way
out is through one of four doors there's
a pattern here of course you should know
by now there are sinister things waiting
for you behind those doors so here we go
the first door leads straight into an
abyss behind the second door
there are high-voltage electric wires
hanging over a wet floor if you enter
the third room you'll be met by a bear
and a wolf that haven't eaten for a week
as for the fourth door a fire is raging
behind it believe it or not there is a
chance to get out of this one alive
which door should you choose you have 20
seconds to decide
[Music]
so did you have enough time to find the
right answer
great then write it in the comments
below
let's see how many people managed to
figure it out don't forget to click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life